README.md, before:

# HeroesOfTheStorm_S2MA
A repo to host `*.s2ma` files from Heroes of the Storm

## What is `*.s2ma`?
This repo host all the `*.s2ma` files from Heroes of the Storm. `*.s2ma` files are mostly in MPQ files that contain extra files (such as assets, scripts, XMLs) that could not be found by extracting CASC directly (although `*.s2ma` files were extracted from CASC).

## Why?
This is a trimmed down version of `npm run extract:s2ma` from [Try Mode 2.0](https://github.com/jamiephan/HeroesOfTheStorm_TryMode2.0). 

It also act as an hosting for building multiple map files in Github Workflow for [Try Mode 2.0](https://github.com/jamiephan/HeroesOfTheStorm_TryMode2.0).

In addition, it will also trying to extract the mod/map name and rename the `*.s2ma` file and copy it to its corresponding directory for easier future reference.

## Directories:

- `./s2ma`: All the `*.s2ma` files extracted from Heroes of the Storm, via the `npm run extract:s2ma` command.
- `./mods`: All the `*.stormmod` files, copied renamed from the s2ma files above.
- `./maps`: All the `*.stormmap` files, copied renamed from the s2ma files above.
- `./extra_maps`: Extra maps from the `mods/heroes.stormmod/base.stormmaps/maps`, which was compiled manually and not present in the `*.s2ma` files.

## Documentations:

- `README.md`: This README file.
- `TABLE.md`: Generated documentation that shows which `*.s2ma` files are corresponding to which map/mod file.

## Tools:

- `npm run extract:s2ma`: Extract all `*.s2ma` files from Heroes of the Storm (Prerequisite please see: https://github.com/jamiephan/HeroesOfTheStorm_TryMode2.0/blob/master/TOOLS.md#prerequisite)
- `npm run rename`: Rename and copy the `*.s2ma` files. (Windows Only)

Commit message:

Add Github Workflow to build S2MA files (#1)
* Added basic workflow

* added push

* manual dispatch

* test

* a

* Update fetch_s2ma.yml

* Create fetch_s2ma.yml

* test

* Test install

* check get process

* Test install 2

* Not fake also install heroes!

* Using my own fork

* Updated

* Added nodejs 10 to WSL

* uses bash instead of ash in WSL

* Added cron + manual trigger

* Git push test

* remove source ~/.bashrc

* Remove Windows Path from WSL

* Seperare Removal windows path

* Updated GH action

* seperate node 10

* Refresh WSL

* use wslconfig to terminate for >1903

* use nodesource instead of nvm

* whoops

* insecure SSL

* command run on wsl shell

* Using ubuntu instead of debian

* npm install

* whoops

* brah...

* no branch switching

* whoops x2

* moved npm run rename to powershell

* Removed git status

* Updated README

* For whatever reason git commit -a does not work

* Updated Files to 2.54.2.85576

* Renamed job and git push

README.md, after:

# HeroesOfTheStorm_S2MA
A repo to host `*.s2ma` files from Heroes of the Storm

## What is `*.s2ma`?
This repo host all the `*.s2ma` files from Heroes of the Storm. `*.s2ma` are mostly in a [MPQ format](http://www.zezula.net/en/mpq/mpqformat.html) that can be viewed/edit via [MPQ Editor](http://www.zezula.net/en/mpq/download.html). Due to it is just an MPQ file, it can be loaded into the game easily just like other mods and maps.

In Heroes, there are two type of *.s2ma: 

 - Mods: Which are `*.stormmod`, can be included by other mods or maps
 - Maps: Which are `*.stormmap`, can be run directly or side loaded into the game by replacing single player maps

> If you would like to run the map in [./maps](maps), please refer to https://jamiephan.github.io/HeroesOfTheStorm_TryMode2.0/install.html 

## Why?

Originally, this repo was only act as a hosting for map files for [Try Mode 2.0](https://github.com/jamiephan/HeroesOfTheStorm_TryMode2.0). It will inject the custom made files/data to the maps and creates a [Github Release](https://github.com/jamiephan/HeroesOfTheStorm_TryMode2.0/releases). 

Now, it will act as a main hosting repo for all the `*.s2ma` files.

## Features

- Hosting all the `*.s2ma` files from Heroes of the Storm
- Automatically detect whether its a map or mod file.
- Automatically rename the mod/map file, so its much easier to find the file you want
- Automatically Generate [`TABLE.md`](TABLE.md) that index all the `*.s2ma` files
- A CI have been setup to automatically detect whether changes of `*.s2ma` file occurs, and will push it to this repo accordingly.
  - (Due to rate limit on Blizzard's Server for downloading the game, it will only run once every day on midnight)

## Directories

- [`./s2ma`](s2ma): All the `*.s2ma` files extracted from Heroes of the Storm, via the `npm run extract:s2ma` command.
- [`./mods`](mods): All the `*.stormmod` files, copied renamed from the s2ma files above.
- [`./maps`](maps): All the `*.stormmap` files, copied renamed from the s2ma files above.
- [`./extra_maps`](extra_maps): Extra maps from the `mods/heroes.stormmod/base.stormmaps/maps`, which was compiled manually and not present in the `*.s2ma` files.

## Documentations:

- [`README.md`](README.md): This README file.
- [`TABLE.md`](TABLE.md): Generated documentation that shows which `*.s2ma` files are corresponding to which map/mod file.

## Tools:

- `npm run extract:s2ma`: Extract all `*.s2ma` files from Heroes of the Storm (Prerequisite please see: https://jamiephan.github.io/HeroesOfTheStorm_TryMode2.0/tools.html)
- `npm run rename`: Rename, copy the `*.s2ma` files to its respective directory and generate [`TABLE.md`](TABLE.md). (Windows Only)
